The scenario

You are working for a company building a new product.
It is a tool to process information from temperature sensors around Antwerp, Belgium.
All over the city, your customers have set up smart digital thermometers to measure how hot their offices
are. There are 1000 sensors sending data to your server.
The thermometers check the temperature and send data every 1 minute.
These thermometers are not as smart as they could be. Sometimes they send duplicate data, sometimes
they do not send on time - with old data arriving up to 24 hours late.
Some admin users check in from time to time and want to know if it has been too hot in their offices today.


The task

Create a python application (or at least partly using python) that can do two things:

● Receive data from an HTTP POST
○ Example request body: {“siteId”:”abc123”, “orgId”:”alphacorp”, “temperature”:27.3, “timestamp”: 1658739178}

● Return a “too hot or not” response to an HTTP GET request
○ Example url: yourapp/v1/admin/toohotornot?siteId=abc123

Bonus

Your application doesn’t have to handle these scenarios, but please include a short answer to them in your
response:
● The admin users accessing the ‘toohotornot’ endpoint are busy CEOs, they don’t want to wait more
than 0.5 seconds for the response. How do you handle this?

Answer:
* Add machines
* Process data on POSTing, so there is a separate table, or column with ready answer whether it's been hot or not (criteria for the too hot or not service are not described, so hard to say if there should be some table updated every minute that reads last 24h window or smth like this)
* Keep in some form of fast access only last readings of the sensors and update periodically (might be less frequently then the sensors provide)

● Your business expands to the US and adds 1000 new customers, each with 1 sensor per office. How
do you handle the expanding scale?
* Add machines
* Load balancing
○ What do you do differently when it is 1 million new customers?

● The US customers are all sending their temperature data in fahrenheit. How do you handle that?
* Process data on insert
* alternatively we could store the unit in a separate column, but this takes space, so would make sense only if there is a consumer of the raw data (not just too-hot-or-not) that wants to read historic data.